DOCCORE-84 Update valid values of the initial settings for allowed/denied databases (#2761)
neo4j/docs-operations: modules/ROOT/pages/clustering/servers.adoc

| list of database names, e.g. `["db1", "db2"]`
| Only databases matching the specified names may be hosted on the server.
This may not be specified in combination with `deniedDatabases`.

> Starting from 2025.12, database name patterns (wildcards) are supported, and the minimum number of characters is reduced from `3` to `1`.

Author: ```suggestion
Starting from 2025.12, database name patterns (wildcards) are supported, and the minimum length is reduced from `3` to `1`.
```
